<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
	<head>
		<title>Captivate</title>
		<link href="../css/idGeneratedStyles.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<meta content="urn:uuid:a52a3c9a-efda-4293-aca0-946b8c424d06" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
	</head>
	<body id="x9780399564505_EPUB-11">
		<div>
			<h1 class="x02-Part-Number"><span epub:type="pagebreak" id="pageMap_101" title="101"/>PART II</h1>
			<h1 class="x02-Part-Title">THE FIRST FIVE HOURS</h1>
			<p class="x02-PO-Body-Text"><span class="_2-PO-Stickup-Cap">D</span>r. Mike Cruz is the new head of the ER at All Saints Hospital in Manhattan. He’s headstrong, direct, and a little intimidating.</p>
			<p class="x02-Part-Body-Text">Dr. Cruz needs the support of his staff in turning the All Saints ER into a premier trauma center. But shaking up systems and changing protocols has led to an all-out battle with longtime doctors and nurses.</p>
			<p class="x02-Part-Body-Text">Finally, a sympathetic nurse, Zoey, goes into his office with a pink notebook.</p>
			<p class="x02-Part-Body-Text">“It’s kind of like a passport,” she explains, “It’s a map to the people who work for you.”</p>
			<p class="x02-Part-Body-Text">Dr. Cruz eyes it suspiciously as Zoey continues. “It has their birthdays, anniversaries, things that make them sad, things that make them happy. Who cries when a patient dies, who makes a joke and then cries in private. It’s the things you should know.”</p>
			<p class="x02-Part-Body-Text">Dr. Cruz flips through the book halfheartedly. Finally he asks, “Why are you giving me this?”</p>
			<p class="x02-Part-Body-Text">Zoey tries again to explain. “You expect us to be good at our job. We expect the same of you.”</p>
			<p class="x04-Space-Break-FL">This scene appears in <em>Nurse Jackie</em>, season 4, episode 10, “Handle Your Scandal.” In Part II<em>,</em> you’ll get a map to navigating people much like the one Nurse Zoey gave Dr. Cruz—a guide to decoding, understanding, and predicting behavior. Nurse Zoey calls it a people passport. I call it your matrix. <strong>This section will help you solve puzzles like:</strong></p>
			<ul>
				<li class="x02-Part-List-Bulleted-First">How do you speed-read someone?</li>
				<li class="x02-Part-List-Bulleted">How can you predict someone’s behavior?</li>
				<li class="x02-Part-List-Bulleted-Last">How can you prevent miscommunications?</li>
			</ul>
			<p class="x02-Part-Body-Text"><span epub:type="pagebreak" id="pageMap_102" title="102"/>While Part I helped you hack the first five minutes of an interaction, this section will help you take your connection one step further. How do you get the next date? How do you nail the next interview? How do you make a deeper connection in your next meeting? This section will help you advance your relationship during those first five hours.</p>
		</div>
	</body>
</html>