<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
	<head>
		<title>Captivate</title>
		<link href="../css/idGeneratedStyles.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<meta content="urn:uuid:a52a3c9a-efda-4293-aca0-946b8c424d06" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
	</head>
	<body id="x9780399564505_EPUB-22">
		<div>
			<h1 class="x13-BM-Head"><span epub:type="pagebreak" id="pageMap_273" title="273"/>WHAT’S NEXT?</h1>
			<p class="x04-Body-Text-FL">Congrats—you made it! We have done a lot together:</p>
			<p class="x04-Body-Text">In Part I: The First Five Minutes, we talked about turning strangers into acquaintances, quickly building trust, and making a lasting first impression.</p>
			<p class="x04-Body-Text">In Part II: The First Five Hours, I taught you how to speed-read people in order to identify their needs and predict behavior.</p>
			<p class="x04-Body-Text">In Part III: The First Five Days, we explored how to turn casual relationships into lifelong relationships with stories, vulnerability, and ownership. Your interactions will only get better from here—if you put these hacks into practice.</p>
			<p class="x04-Body-Text">Albert Einstein once said, “Information is not knowledge. The only source of knowledge is experience.” Reading this book is great, but I want you to experience it. Turn back <a href="06_Introduction.xhtml#pq-test">here</a> and take the PQ Test again. You can use this test as a check-in once a year to make sure you retained the information you learned in this book. And be sure to check out our 7-Day Challenge.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Head-A">7-DAY CHALLENGE</p>
			<p class="x04-Body-Text-FL">This end is just the beginning. As you keep leveling up your interactions, I want to help. I have created a 7-day free e-mail follow-up series for you to keep learning after the book. You’ll get tips, challenges, and stories to help you put what you learned in this book into action. You will get all of the seven e-mail challenges when you sign up for your Digital Bonuses at www.ScienceofPeople.com/toolbox.</p>
			<p class="x04-Body-Text"><strong><span epub:type="pagebreak" id="pageMap_274" title="274"/>Remember:</strong> I’m here for you! <strong>If you’d like to check in about something you read, just e-mail me at </strong>Vanessa@scienceofpeople.com. Tell me your favorite hack, share a story, or just drop a line to say hi! I love hearing from you.</p>
			<p class="x04-Body-Text">Thank you for letting me take you on this people skills adventure and letting me share my stories with you. People skills changed my life. I hope they are now beginning to change yours.</p>
			<p class="x06-Letter-Closing">Cheers,</p>
			<p class="x06-Letter-Closing-2">Vanessa</p>
		</div>
	</body>
</html>