<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
	<head>
		<title>Captivate</title>
		<link href="../css/idGeneratedStyles.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<meta content="urn:uuid:a52a3c9a-efda-4293-aca0-946b8c424d06" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
	</head>
	<body id="x9780399564505_EPUB-26">
		<div>
			<h1 class="x13-BM-Head"><span epub:type="pagebreak" id="pageMap_287" title="287"/>ACKNOWLEDGMENTS</h1>
			<p class="x13-BM-Ack-FL">Oh, my amazing husband. He is usually the first person I try experiments on and the last person I explain things to. I have to thank him first and foremost. Thank you for letting me set up secret experiments all over our house. Thank you for letting me have the TV on Monday nights to watch <em>The Bachelor</em>—it really is for work. Thank you for letting me have a courageous, out-of-the-box, crazy career and supporting me every step of the way.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Ack">Thank you to my incredible agent, David Fugate, who started me on this fantastic whirlwind. And huge thanks to the entire Portfolio team! Especially my tireless editor, Niki Papadopoulos, who has walked me through every step of the process for this book and pushed me to realize its potential. I am truly lucky to have had you and Leah Trouwborst as partners for this book.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Ack">I also have to thank my photographer, videographer, and friend Maggie Kirkland, who is the creative genius behind many of the photos used in this book. She also took the cover shot and author shot for this book—you are brilliant and I am so lucky to have you! Another big thank-you to Madeline Roosevelt for cover shoot makeup and hair, Robin Allen for styling, and Christopher Sergio for the design. Thank you to the amazing models and actors throughout this book: Max Dubowy, Orion Bradshaw, Paige Hendrix Buckner, Lacy Kirkland, Scott Edwards, and Danielle Baker.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Ack">Thank you also to the team at CreativeLive—Chase Jarvis, Kimberly Murphy, Bryan Lemos, Meg Gayman, Chris Jennings, and Kenna Klosterman for nurturing my courses, making my curriculum come to life, <span epub:type="pagebreak" id="pageMap_288" title="288"/>and helping me grow as a teacher. I would like to give a special shout-out to Chris Guillebeau, Jordan Harbinger, Tammy Hernandez, and Helen Raptis for allowing me to share your platform and share my heart with your audiences.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Ack">Thank you to all of the wonderful people who let me interview them for this book: Arild Remmereit, Lewis Howes, Jeffer Carrillo Toscano, Dr. Paul Ekman, Richard Nicolosi, Paige Hendrix Buckner, Boyd Varty, Andrew Bohrer, Frank Warren, Nicol Paone, Mark Gordon, Kriste Dragon, Xochitl Gonzalez, and Dan Ariely. Your stories are changing the world. And thanks to Matt Scott, Mark Goulston, Emily McDowell, and Jae West.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Ack">Thank you to my masterminders who keep me accountable, read sample chapters, and get together to come up with kick-ass ideas to take over the world—David Moldawer, Stephanie Zito, Dr. Samantha Brody, Devani Freeman, Jamarie Milkovic, Tara Gentile, Amy Yamada, Emily Triggs, Jenny Trygg, Elizabeth Zieg, Gideon Arom, Thursday Bram, Kari Chapin, Katie Lane, Sean Ogle, Tyler Tervooren, Mike Pacchione, Charlie Gilkey, Alex Franzen, David Nihill, Jim Hopkinson, and Zach Suchin for helping me get studies. And thank you to Erin Adams, Dennis Yang, and the entire team at Udemy for giving me the very first online platform to launch my online courses.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Ack">Thank you to my amazing Science of People team. First, Danielle Baker for reading every line of this book, being the most amazing support system, and just being a great friend and colleague. You are brilliant and I can’t wait to help you grow as much as you have helped me. Thank you Hayley Lucich, Jose Pina, Robby Smith, Emily Lundberg, Ellie Woo, Ben Cook, Lauren Freeman, Nick Pothetes, and Maria Baias for your countless hours, creativity, and strategy with Science of People. I also want to thank our Science of People interns and our Science of People body language trainers around the world for spreading the message to a global audience and taking our work to the next level. I couldn’t do this work without you; I am so grateful for all you do for the Science of People!</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Ack">Thank you to my friends who not only had to put up with me while I wrote this book, but also let me run experiments on them—Margo Aaron, Lacy Kirkland, Brennan Pothetes, Ed Piper, Bari Turetzky, John Boylston, Ana-Lauren Boylston, Stephen Scott, Christine Kelly, A. J. Alley, Kelly Alley, Tony Dal Ponte, Erin Georgeadis, Emily Occhipinti and Alex Occhipinti, Gwen Hickmond, Pam Potts, and Tate Newburgh.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Ack"><span epub:type="pagebreak" id="pageMap_289" title="289"/>Thank you to my family for getting me through my awkward years and giving me the best education a girl could get at Marlborough School and Emory University—I used every ounce of those writing courses, psychology classes, and science classes in writing this book! Love you Anita First, Vance Van Petten, Stacy Van Petten, Courtney Van Petten, Haley Van Petten, Robert Forrest, and Lindsay Forrest. And thank you to Deborah Edwards, Richard Edwards, and Laura Edwards for welcoming me and giving me Scott Edwards.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Ack">And finally I need to thank our Science of People readers. That’s you! Thank you for letting me try out new conversation sparkers on you. Thank you for filling out my weird surveys on Twitter and my website. Thank you for letting me smell you in my pheromone experiment. Thank you for letting me film you, interrogate you, and test weird things on you. I could not have written this book without your bravery and <span epub:type="pagebreak" id="pageMap_290" title="290"/>willingness!</p>
		</div>
	</body>
</html>