<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
	<head>
		<title>Captivate</title>
		<link href="../css/idGeneratedStyles.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<meta content="urn:uuid:a52a3c9a-efda-4293-aca0-946b8c424d06" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
	</head>
	<body id="x9780399564505_EPUB-27">
		<div>
			<h1 class="x13-BM-Head"><span epub:type="pagebreak" id="pageMap_291" title="291"/>NOTES</h1>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes-Head-A">CHAPTER 1: CONTROL</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="08_Chapter_1_Control_How.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber0" id="EndnoteNumber0">1</a>.	David G. McCullough, <em>Truman</em> (New York: Simon &amp; Schuster, 1992).</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes-Text"><em>The Autobiography of Harry S. Truman</em>, ed. Robert H. Ferrell (Boulder, CO: Colorado Associated University Press, 1980).</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes-Text"><em>Memoirs by Harry S. Truman</em> (New York: Konecky &amp; Konecky, 1955), 68.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes-Text">Kenneth T. Walsh, <em>Celebrity in Chief: A History of the Presidents and the Culture of Stardom</em> (New York: Routledge, 2015).</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="08_Chapter_1_Control_How.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber1" id="EndnoteNumber1">2</a>.	Andrew Powell-Morse, “A Historical Profile of the NBA Player: 1947–2015.” Data Visualizations from <em>SeatSmart</em> (blog), March 4, 2015, https://seatsmart.com/blog/history-of-the-nba-player/.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="08_Chapter_1_Control_How.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber2" id="EndnoteNumber2">3</a>.	Powell-Morse, “A Historical Profile of the NBA Player: 1947–2015.”</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="08_Chapter_1_Control_How.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber3" id="EndnoteNumber3">4</a>.	Our Science of People surveys are all digital. Participants opt in to take our surveys via ScienceofPeople.com. This gives us a large sampling of people all around the world, with a variety of backgrounds, races, and religions. In this way, we get an incredibly varied data set.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="08_Chapter_1_Control_How.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber4" id="EndnoteNumber4">5</a>.	Barbara Wild, Michael Erb, and Mathias Bartels, “Are Emotions Contagious? Evoked Emotions While Viewing Emotionally Expressive Faces: Quality, Quantity, Time Course and Gender Differences,” <em>Psychiatry Research</em> 102, no. 2 (June 1, 2001): 109–24, doi:10.1016/s0165-1781(01)00225-6.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="08_Chapter_1_Control_How.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber5" id="EndnoteNumber5">6</a>.	Researchers have found that if we have one happy friend, we are up to 34 percent more likely to be happier because of them. J. H. Fowler and N. A. Christakis, “Dynamic Spread of Happiness in a Large Social Network: Longitudinal Analysis over 20 Years in the Framingham Heart Study,” <em>British Medical Journal</em> 337 (December 5, 2008): doi:10.1136/bmj.a2338.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="08_Chapter_1_Control_How.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber6" id="EndnoteNumber6">7</a>.	Veikko Surakka and Jari K. Hietanen, “Facial and Emotional Reactions to Duchenne and Non-Duchenne Smiles,” <em>International Journal of Psychophysiology</em> 29, no. 1 (June 29, 1998): 23–33, doi:10.1016/s0167-8760(97)00088-3.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="08_Chapter_1_Control_How.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber7" id="EndnoteNumber7">8</a>.	Barbara Wild, Michael Erb, Michael Eyb, Mathias Bartels, and Wolfgang Grodd, “Why Are Smiles Contagious? An FMRI Study of the Interaction Between Perception of Facial Affect and Facial Movements,” <em>Psychiatry Research: Neuroimaging</em> 123, no. 1 (May 1, 2003): 17–36, doi:10.1016/s0925-4927(03)00006-4.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="08_Chapter_1_Control_How.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber8" id="EndnoteNumber8">9</a>.	Paul Schrodt, “Lady Gaga Discovered How to Be Happy When She Started Saying One Word a Lot More Often,” <em>Business Insider,</em> October 30, 2015, http://www.businessinsider.com/lady-gaga-yale-speech-2015-10.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="08_Chapter_1_Control_How.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber9" id="EndnoteNumber9">10</a>.	Truman, <em>Memoirs,</em> 68.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes-Head-A"><span epub:type="pagebreak" id="pageMap_292" title="292"/>CHAPTER 2: CAPTURE</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="09_Chapter_2_Capture_How.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber10" id="EndnoteNumber10">1</a>.	James R. Oestreich, “Have Baton, Will Travel,” <em>New York Times</em>, April 24, 2005, http://www.nytimes.com/2005/04/24/arts/music/have-baton-will-travel.html?_r=1.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="09_Chapter_2_Capture_How.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber11" id="EndnoteNumber11">2</a>.	Arild Remmereit, telephone interview by the author, April 12, 2016.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="09_Chapter_2_Capture_How.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber12" id="EndnoteNumber12">3</a>.	Oestreich, “Have Baton, Will Travel.”</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="09_Chapter_2_Capture_How.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber13" id="EndnoteNumber13">4</a>.	Bill George with Peter Sims, <em>True North: Discover Your Authentic Leadership</em> (San Francisco, CA: John Wiley &amp; Sons, Inc., 2007).</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="09_Chapter_2_Capture_How.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber14" id="EndnoteNumber14">5</a>.	Nalini Ambady and Robert Rosenthal, “Thin Slices of Expressive Behavior as Predictors of Interpersonal Consequences: A Meta-Analysis,” <em>Psychological Bulletin</em> 111, no. 2 (March 1992): 256–74, doi:10.1037/0033-2909.111.2.256.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="09_Chapter_2_Capture_How.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber15" id="EndnoteNumber15">6</a>.	Nalini Ambady and Robert Rosenthal, “Half a Minute: Predicting Teacher Evaluations from Thin Slices of Nonverbal Behavior and Physical Attractiveness,” <em>Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</em> 67, no. 3 (1993): 431–44.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="09_Chapter_2_Capture_How.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber16" id="EndnoteNumber16">7</a>.	Robert Gifford, Cheuk Fan Ng, and Margaret Wilkinson, “Nonverbal Cues in the Employment Interview: Links Between Applicant Qualities and Interviewer Judgments,” <em>Journal of Applied Psychology</em> 70, no. 4 (November 1985): 729–36, doi:10.1037/0021-9010.70.4.729.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="09_Chapter_2_Capture_How.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber17" id="EndnoteNumber17">8</a>.	Bill McEvily and Akbar Zaheer, “Does Trust Still Matter? Research on the Role of Trust in Inter-Organizational Exchange,” <em>Organization Science</em> 9, no. 2 (February 1998), doi:10.1287/orsc.9.2.141.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="09_Chapter_2_Capture_How.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber18" id="EndnoteNumber18">9</a>.	Jessica L. Tracy and David Matsumoto, “The Spontaneous Expression of Pride and Shame: Evidence for Biologically Innate Nonverbal Displays,” <em>Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences</em> 105, no. 33 (August 19, 2008): 11655-660, doi:10.1073/pnas.0802686105.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="09_Chapter_2_Capture_How.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber19" id="EndnoteNumber19">10</a>.	The Liberators International YouTube page, accessed January 9, 2016, https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCIgioJL7U-TVk2Lf7xg5b4Q.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="09_Chapter_2_Capture_How.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber20" id="EndnoteNumber20">11</a>.	Jae West, e-mail interview by the author, January 9, 2016.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="09_Chapter_2_Capture_How.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber21" id="EndnoteNumber21">12</a>.	Allan Pease and Barbara Pease, <em>The Definitive Book of Body Language</em> (New York: Bantam Books, 2006).</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="09_Chapter_2_Capture_How.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber22" id="EndnoteNumber22">13</a>.	Michael Argyle and Janet Dean, “Eye-Contact, Distance and Affiliation,” <em>Sociometry</em> 28, no. 3 (September 1965): 289–304, doi:10.2307/2786027.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="09_Chapter_2_Capture_How.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber23" id="EndnoteNumber23">14</a>.	Brené Brown, <em>Daring Greatly: How the Courage to Be Vulnerable Transforms the Way We Live, Love, Parent, and Lead</em> (New York: Gotham Books, 2012).</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes-Head-A">CHAPTER 3: SPARK</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="10_Chapter_3_Spark_How_t.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber24" id="EndnoteNumber24">1</a>.	Philip Seeman, “Chapter 1: Historical Overview: Introduction to the Dopamine Receptors,” in <em>The Dopamine Receptors</em>, ed. Kim A. Neve and Rachel Neve (New York: Springer, 1997), 1–22.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="10_Chapter_3_Spark_How_t.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber25" id="EndnoteNumber25">2</a>.	John Medina, <em>Brain Rules: 12 Principles for Surviving and Thriving at Work, Home, and School</em> (Seattle: Pear Press, 2008).</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="10_Chapter_3_Spark_How_t.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber26" id="EndnoteNumber26">3</a>.	Nico Bunzeck and Emrah Düzel, “Absolute Coding of Stimulus Novelty in the Human Substantia Nigra/VTA,” <em>Neuron</em> 51, no. 3 (August 3, 2006): 369–79, doi:10.1016/j.neuron.2006.06.021.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="10_Chapter_3_Spark_How_t.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber27" id="EndnoteNumber27">4</a>.	Brian Knutson and Jeffrey C. Cooper, preview “The Lure of the Unknown,” <em>Neuron</em> 51, no. 3 (August 3, 2006): 280–82, doi:10.1016/j.neuron.2006.07.017.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="10_Chapter_3_Spark_How_t.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber28" id="EndnoteNumber28">5</a>.	“Novelty Aids Learning,” University College London News, August 2, 2006, http://www.ucl.ac.uk/news/news-articles/news-releases-archive/newlearning.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="10_Chapter_3_Spark_How_t.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber29" id="EndnoteNumber29">6</a>.	Christian Rudder, “Exactly What to Say in a First Message,” <em>OkTrends</em> (blog), September 14, 2009, http://blog.okcupid.com/index.php/online-dating-advice-exactly-what-to-say-in-a-first-message/.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes_Subentry">Christian Rudder, “6 Data-Driven Dating Facts from OkCupid CEO Sam Yagan,” <em>BigThink</em>, http://bigthink.com/the-voice-of-big-think/6-data-driven-dating-facts-from-okcupid-ceo-sam-yagan.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="10_Chapter_3_Spark_How_t.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber30" id="EndnoteNumber30">7</a>.	<span epub:type="pagebreak" id="pageMap_293" title="293"/>Michael D. Santos, Craig Leve, and Anthony R. Pratkanis, “Hey Buddy, Can You Spare Seventeen Cents? Mindful Persuasion and the Pique Technique,” <em>Journal of Applied Social Psychology</em> 24, no. 9 (May 1994): 755–64, doi:10.1111/j.1559-1816.1994.tb00610.x.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="10_Chapter_3_Spark_How_t.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber31" id="EndnoteNumber31">8</a>.	Dennis P. Carmody and Michael Lewis, “Brain Activation When Hearing One’s Own and Others’ Names,” <em>Brain Research</em> 1116, no. 1 (September 7, 2006): 153–58, doi:10.1016/j.brainres.2006.07.121.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="10_Chapter_3_Spark_How_t.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber32" id="EndnoteNumber32">9</a>.	Gary Small, <em>The Memory Bible: An Innovative Strategy for Keeping Your Brain Young</em> (New York: Hyperion, 2002).</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes-Head-A">CHAPTER 4: HIGHLIGHT</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="11_Chapter_4_Highlight_H.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber33" id="EndnoteNumber33">1</a>.	Diana I. Tamir and Jason P. Mitchell, “Disclosing Information About the Self Is Intrinsically Rewarding,” <em>Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences</em> 109, no. 21 (May 22, 2012): 8038–43, doi:10.1073/pnas.1202129109.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="11_Chapter_4_Highlight_H.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber34" id="EndnoteNumber34">2</a>.	Dale Carnegie, <em>How to Win Friends and Influence People</em> (New York: Simon &amp; Schuster, 1981).</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="11_Chapter_4_Highlight_H.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber35" id="EndnoteNumber35">3</a>.	“Alfred P. Sloan Jr. Dead at 90; G.M. Leader and Philanthropist,” On This Day, <em>New York Times</em> Learning Network, February 18, 1966, http://www.nytimes.com/learning/general/onthisday/bday/0523.html.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes_Subentry">Alfred P. Sloan, <em>My Years with General Motors</em> (Garden City, NY: Doubleday, 1964).</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes_Subentry">Alfred P. Sloan and Boyden Sparkes, <em>Adventures of a White-Collar Man</em> (New York: Doubleday, Doran, 1941).</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="11_Chapter_4_Highlight_H.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber36" id="EndnoteNumber36">4</a>.	Peter F. Drucker, “What Makes an Effective Executive,” <em>Harvard Business Review</em>, June 2004, https://hbr.org/2004/06/what-makes-an-effective-executive.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="11_Chapter_4_Highlight_H.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber37" id="EndnoteNumber37">5</a>.	Emily McDowell, e-mail interview by the author, April 19, 2016.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="11_Chapter_4_Highlight_H.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber38" id="EndnoteNumber38">6</a>.	Geoffrey Miles. <em>Classical Mythology in English Literature: A Critical Anthology</em> (London: Routledge, 1999), 326.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="11_Chapter_4_Highlight_H.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber39" id="EndnoteNumber39">7</a>.	Christopher J. Bryan, Gregory M. Walton, Todd Rogers, and Carol S. Dweck, “Motivating Voter Turnout by Invoking the Self,” <em>Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences</em> 108, no. 31 (2011): 12653–2656.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="11_Chapter_4_Highlight_H.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber40" id="EndnoteNumber40">8</a>.	Jen Shang and Rachel Croson, “A Field Experiment in Charitable Contribution: The Impact of Social Information on the Voluntary Provision of Public Goods,” <em>The Economic Journal</em> 119, no. 540 (October 2009): 1422–439, doi:10.1111/j.1468-0297.2009.02267.x.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="11_Chapter_4_Highlight_H.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber41" id="EndnoteNumber41">9</a>.	Alia J. Crum and Ellen J. Langer. “Mind-Set Matters: Exercise and the Placebo Effect,” <em>Psychological Science</em> 18, no. 2 (2007): 165–71. doi:10.1111/j.1467-9280.2007.01867.x.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="11_Chapter_4_Highlight_H.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber42" id="EndnoteNumber42">10</a>.	Robert Rosenthal and Lenore Jacobson, <em>Pygmalion in the Classroom: Teacher Expectation and Pupils’ Intellectual Development</em> (New York: Holt, Rinehart and Winston, 1968).</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="11_Chapter_4_Highlight_H.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber43" id="EndnoteNumber43">11</a>.	Elisha Y. Babad, Jacinto Inbar, and Robert Rosenthal, “Pygmalion, Galatea, and the Golem: Investigations of Biased and Unbiased Teachers,” <em>Journal of Educational Psychology</em> 74, no. 4 (August 1982): 459–74, doi:10.1037/0022-0663.74.4.459.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="11_Chapter_4_Highlight_H.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber44" id="EndnoteNumber44">12</a>.	Major Wilburn R. Schrank, “The Labeling Effect of Ability Grouping,” <em>Journal of Educational Research</em> 62, no. 2 (1968): 51–52, doi:10.1080/00220671.1968.10883758.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="11_Chapter_4_Highlight_H.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber45" id="EndnoteNumber45">13</a>.	D. Brian McNatt, “Ancient Pygmalion Joins Contemporary Management: A Meta-Analysis of the Result,” <em>Journal of Applied Psychology</em> 85, no. 2 (April 2000): 314–22, doi:10.1037/0021-9010.85.2.314.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes-Head-A">CHAPTER 5: INTRIGUE</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="12_Chapter_5_Intrigue_Ho.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber46" id="EndnoteNumber46">1</a>.	Lewis Howes, <em>The School of Greatness: A Real-World Guide for Living Bigger, Loving Deeper, and Leaving a Legacy </em>(Emmanus, PA: Rodale, 2015).</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="12_Chapter_5_Intrigue_Ho.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber47" id="EndnoteNumber47">2</a>.	Lewis Howes, telephone interview by the author, February 19, 2016.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="12_Chapter_5_Intrigue_Ho.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber48" id="EndnoteNumber48">3</a>.	<span epub:type="pagebreak" id="pageMap_294" title="294"/>Howes, <em>School of Greatness</em>.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="12_Chapter_5_Intrigue_Ho.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber49" id="EndnoteNumber49">4</a>.	International Encyclopedia of the Social Sciences, Encyclopedia.com, s.v. “Similarity/Attraction Theory,” 2008, http://www.encyclopedia.com/social-sciences/applied-and-social-sciences-magazines/similarityattraction-theory.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="12_Chapter_5_Intrigue_Ho.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber50" id="EndnoteNumber50">5</a>.	Ellen Berscheid and Elaine H. Walster, <em>Interpersonal Attraction</em> (Reading, MA: Addison-Wesley, 1969), 69–91.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="12_Chapter_5_Intrigue_Ho.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber51" id="EndnoteNumber51">6</a>.	Tim Emswiller, Kay Deaux, and Jerry E. Willits, “Similarity, Sex, and Requests for Small Favors,” <em>Journal of Applied Social Psychology</em> 1, no. 3 (September 1971): 284–91, doi:10.1111/j.1559-1816.1971.tb00367.x.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes-Head-A">CHAPTER 6: DECODE</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="14_Chapter_6_Decode_How_.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber52" id="EndnoteNumber52">1</a>.	Paul Ekman and Wallace V. Friesen, “Nonverbal Leakage and Clues to Deception,” <em>Psychiatry</em> 32, no. 1 (February 1969), doi:10.1037/e525532009-012.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="14_Chapter_6_Decode_How_.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber53" id="EndnoteNumber53">2</a>.	Paul Ekman, <em>Telling Lies: Clues to Deceit in the Marketplace, Politics, and Marriage</em> (New York: Norton, 1985).</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="14_Chapter_6_Decode_How_.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber54" id="EndnoteNumber54">3</a>.	Paul Ekman and Wallace V. Friesen, <em>Unmasking the Face: A Guide to Recognizing Emotions from Facial Clues</em> (Englewood Cliffs, NJ: Prentice-Hall, 1975).</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="14_Chapter_6_Decode_How_.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber55" id="EndnoteNumber55">4</a>.	San Francisco State University, “Facial Expressions of Emotion Are Innate, Not Learned,” <em>ScienceDaily</em>, December 30, 2008, https://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2008/12/081229080859.htm.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="14_Chapter_6_Decode_How_.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber56" id="EndnoteNumber56">5</a>.	Ekman and Friesen, <em>Unmasking the Face</em>.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="14_Chapter_6_Decode_How_.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber57" id="EndnoteNumber57">6</a>.	There was only one exception: New Guineans could not distinguish between the fear and surprise microexpressions.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="14_Chapter_6_Decode_How_.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber58" id="EndnoteNumber58">7</a>.	Ekman, <em>Unmasking the Face</em>.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="14_Chapter_6_Decode_How_.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber59" id="EndnoteNumber59">8</a>.	Ibid.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="14_Chapter_6_Decode_How_.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber60" id="EndnoteNumber60">9</a>.	Janine Willis and Alexander Todorov, “First Impressions: Making Up Your Mind after a 100-Ms Exposure to a Face,” <em>Psychological Science</em> 17, no. 7 (July 2006): 592–98, doi:10.1111/j.1467-9280.2006.01750.x.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="14_Chapter_6_Decode_How_.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber61" id="EndnoteNumber61">10</a>.	Alexander Todorov and Jenny M. Porter, “Misleading First Impressions: Different for Different Facial Images of the Same Person,” <em>Psychological Science</em> 25, no. 7 (May 27, 2014): 1404–417, doi:10.1177/0956797614532474.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="14_Chapter_6_Decode_How_.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber62" id="EndnoteNumber62">11</a>.	Ross Buck, “Nonverbal Behavior and the Theory of Emotion: The Facial Feedback Hypothesis,” <em>Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</em> 38, no. 5 (May 1980): 811–24, doi:10.1037/0022-3514.38.5.811.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes-Head-A">CHAPTER 7: SOLVE</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="15_Chapter_7_Solve_How_t.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber63" id="EndnoteNumber63">1</a>.	John P. Kotter, “What Leaders Really Do,” <em>Harvard Business Review</em>, December 2001, https://hbr.org/2001/12/what-leaders-really-do.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="15_Chapter_7_Solve_How_t.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber64" id="EndnoteNumber64">2</a>.	 Jerry S. Wiggins, ed., <em>The Five-Factor Model of Personality: Theoretical Perspectives</em> (New York: Guilford Press, 1996).</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes_Subentry">John M. Digman, “Personality Structure: Emergence of the Five-Factor Model,” <em>Annual Review of Psychology</em> 41, no. 1 (February 1990): 417–40, doi:10.1146/annurev.ps.41.020190.002221.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes_Subentry">Gerald Matthews, Ian J. Deary, and Martha C. Whiteman, <em>Personality Traits</em> (Cambridge, UK: Cambridge University Press, 2003).</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes_Subentry">Arthur E. Poropat, “A Meta-Analysis of the Five-Factor Model of Personality and Academic Performance,” <em>Psychological Bulletin</em> 135, no. 2 (2009): 322–38, doi:10.1037/a0014996.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes_Subentry">Donald Winslow Fiske, Patrick E. Shrout, and Susan T. Fiske, eds., <em>Personality Research, Methods, and Theory: A Festschrift Honoring Donald W. Fiske</em> (Hillsdale, NJ: L. Erlbaum Associates, 1995).</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="15_Chapter_7_Solve_How_t.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber65" id="EndnoteNumber65">3</a>.	Brent W. Roberts, Nathan R. Kuncel, Rebecca Shiner, Avshalom Caspi, and Lewis R. Goldberg, “The Power of Personality: The Comparative Validity of Personality Traits, <span epub:type="pagebreak" id="pageMap_295" title="295"/>Socioeconomic Status, and Cognitive Ability for Predicting Important Life Outcomes,” <em>Perspectives on Psychological Science</em> 2, no. 4 (December 2007): 313–45, doi:10.1111/j.1745-6916.2007.00047.x.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="15_Chapter_7_Solve_How_t.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber66" id="EndnoteNumber66">4</a>.	Wiggins, <em>Five-Factor Model.</em></p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="15_Chapter_7_Solve_How_t.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber67" id="EndnoteNumber67">5</a>.	Sam Gosling, <em>Snoop: What Your Stuff Says About You</em> (New York: Basic, 2008).</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="15_Chapter_7_Solve_How_t.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber68" id="EndnoteNumber68">6</a>.	J. C. Biesanz, L. J. Human, A-C. Paquin, M. Chan, K. L. Parisotto, J. Sarracino, and R. L. Gillis, “Do We Know When Our Impressions of Others Are Valid? Evidence for Realistic Accuracy Awareness in First Impressions of Personality,” <em>Social Psychological and Personality Science</em> 2, no. 5 (January 19, 2011): 452–59, doi:10.1177/1948550610397211.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="15_Chapter_7_Solve_How_t.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber69" id="EndnoteNumber69">7</a>.	Patti Wood, <em>Snap: Making the Most of First Impressions, Body Language, and Charisma</em> (Novato, CA: New World Library, 2012).</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="15_Chapter_7_Solve_How_t.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber70" id="EndnoteNumber70">8</a>.	Christopher Y. Olivola, Friederike Funk, and Alexander Todorov, “Social Attributions from Faces Bias Human Choices,” <em>Trends in Cognitive Sciences</em> 18, no. 11 (November 2014): 566–70.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="15_Chapter_7_Solve_How_t.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber71" id="EndnoteNumber71">9</a>.	Lea Winerman, “‘Thin Slices’ of Life,” <em>Monitor on Psychology</em>, March 2005, http://www.apa.org/monitor/mar05/slices.aspx.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="15_Chapter_7_Solve_How_t.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber72" id="EndnoteNumber72">10</a>.	Mitja D. Back, Juliane M. Stopfer, Simine Vazire, Sam Gaddis, Stefan C. Schmukle, Boris Egloff, and Samuel D. Gosling, “Facebook Profiles Reflect Actual Personality, Not Self-Idealization,” <em>Psychological Science</em> 21, no. 3 (January 2010): 372–74, doi:10.1177/0956797609360756.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes-Head-A">CHAPTER 8: APPRECIATE</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="16_Chapter_8_Appreciate_.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber73" id="EndnoteNumber73">1</a>.	Gary D. Chapman, <em>The Five Love Languages: How to Express Heartfelt Commitment to Your Mate</em> (Chicago: Northfield Pub., 1995).</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="16_Chapter_8_Appreciate_.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber74" id="EndnoteNumber74">2</a>.	Tom Rath and Donald O. Clifton, Ph.D., <em>How Full Is Your Bucket</em> (New York: Gallup Press, 2004).</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="16_Chapter_8_Appreciate_.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber75" id="EndnoteNumber75">3</a>.	Leigh Branham, <em>The 7 Hidden Reasons Employees Leave: How to Recognize the Subtle Signs and Act Before It’s Too Late</em> (New York: American Management Association, 2005).</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="16_Chapter_8_Appreciate_.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber76" id="EndnoteNumber76">4</a>.	“SHRM-Globoforce Survey: Companies Need to Fine Tune Employee Recognition and Engagement Efforts,” Society for Human Resource Management, April 12, 2012, http://www.shrm.org/about/pressroom/pressreleases/pages/shrmgloboforce2012pressreleasepollengagementrecognition.aspx.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="16_Chapter_8_Appreciate_.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber77" id="EndnoteNumber77">5</a>.	Gallup, Inc., “Employee Recognition: Low Cost, High Impact, Attractiveness,” Gallup.com, June 28, 2016, http://www.gallup.com/businessjournal193238/employee-recognition-low-cost-high-impact.aspx.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="16_Chapter_8_Appreciate_.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber78" id="EndnoteNumber78">6</a>.	Chapman, <em>5 Love Languages</em>. https://s3.amazonaws.com/moody-profiles/uploads/profile/attachment/5/5LLPersonalProfile_COUPLES__1_.pdf.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="16_Chapter_8_Appreciate_.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber79" id="EndnoteNumber79">7</a>.	John M. Gottman, <em>The Science of Trust: Emotional Attunement for Couples</em> (New York: W. W. Norton, 2011).</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="16_Chapter_8_Appreciate_.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber80" id="EndnoteNumber80">8</a>.	Kim T. Buehlman, John M. Gottman, and Lynn F. Katz, “How a Couple Views Their Past Predicts Their Future: Predicting Divorce from an Oral History Interview,” <em>Journal of Family Psychology</em> 5, no. 3-4 (1992): 295–318, doi:10.1037/0893-3200.5.3-4.295.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="16_Chapter_8_Appreciate_.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber81" id="EndnoteNumber81">9</a>.	Gottman, <em>Science of Trust, </em>155.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes-Head-A">CHAPTER 9: VALUE</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="17_Chapter_9_Value_How_t.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber82" id="EndnoteNumber82">1</a>.	Boyd Varty, <em>Cathedral of the Wild: An African Journey Home</em> (New York: Random House, 2014).</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="17_Chapter_9_Value_How_t.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber83" id="EndnoteNumber83">2</a>.	Boyd Varty, interview by the author, December 26, 2015; telephone interview by the author, January 14, 2016.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="17_Chapter_9_Value_How_t.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber84" id="EndnoteNumber84">3</a>.	Varty, <em>Cathedral of the Wild</em>.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="17_Chapter_9_Value_How_t.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber85" id="EndnoteNumber85">4</a>.	Uriel G. Foa, John Converse Jr., Kjell Y. Törnblom, and Edna B. Foa, eds., <em>Resource Theory: Explorations and Applications</em> (San Diego: Academic Press, 1993).</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="17_Chapter_9_Value_How_t.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber86" id="EndnoteNumber86">5</a>.	<span epub:type="pagebreak" id="pageMap_296" title="296"/>Uriel G. Foa and Edna B. Foa, <em>Resource Theory of Social Exchange</em> (Morristown, NJ: General Learning Press, 1975).</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="17_Chapter_9_Value_How_t.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber87" id="EndnoteNumber87">6</a>.	Jerry S. Wiggins and Paul D. Trapnell, “A Dyadic-Interactional Perspective on the Five-Factor Model,” in <em>The Five-Factor Model of Personality</em><em>,</em> ed. Jerry S. Wiggins (New York: Guilford Press, 1996), 88–162.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="17_Chapter_9_Value_How_t.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber88" id="EndnoteNumber88">7</a>.	A story told in many beginner Karrass Negotiation seminars.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="17_Chapter_9_Value_How_t.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber89" id="EndnoteNumber89">8</a>.	Dan P. McAdams, “The Psychology of Life Stories,” <em>Review of General Psychology</em> 5, no. 2 (2001): 100–22, doi:10.1037/1089-2680.5.2.100.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="17_Chapter_9_Value_How_t.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber90" id="EndnoteNumber90">9</a>.	Varty, <em>Cathedral</em>.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes-Head-A">CHAPTER 10: CONNECT</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes"><em>	</em><a href="19_Chapter_10_Connect_Ho.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber91" id="EndnoteNumber91"><em>1</em></a><em>.	God’s Generals: Vol 7,</em> DVD, narrated by Roberts Liardon (2005; New Kensington, PA: Whitaker House).</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="19_Chapter_10_Connect_Ho.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber92" id="EndnoteNumber92">2</a>.	Nicol Paone, live performance attended by the author, May 19, 2016.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="19_Chapter_10_Connect_Ho.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber93" id="EndnoteNumber93">3</a>.	Nicol Paone, telephone interview by the author, November 11, 2015.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="19_Chapter_10_Connect_Ho.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber94" id="EndnoteNumber94">4</a>.	Zac Bissonnette, <em>The Great Beanie Baby Bubble: Mass Delusion and the Dark Side of Cute</em> (New York: Penguin Group, 2015).</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="19_Chapter_10_Connect_Ho.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber95" id="EndnoteNumber95">5</a>.	Greg J. Stephens, Lauren J. Silbert, and Uri Hasson, “Speaker-Listener Neural Coupling Underlies Successful Communication,” <em>Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences</em> 107, no. 32 (August 10, 2010): 14425–430, doi:10.1073/pnas.1008662107.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="19_Chapter_10_Connect_Ho.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber96" id="EndnoteNumber96">6</a>.	Susan Cain, “The Power of Introverts,” TED video, 19:04, February 2012, https://www.ted.com/talks/susan_cain_the_power_of_introverts?language=en.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="19_Chapter_10_Connect_Ho.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber97" id="EndnoteNumber97">7</a>.	Vanessa Van Edwards and Robby Smith, “The Secret Behind How the <em>New York Times</em> Creates Viral Articles,” Science of People, April 2016, http://www.scienceofpeople.com/NYT.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes-Head-A">CHAPTER 11: EMPOWER</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="20_Chapter_11_Empower_Ho.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber98" id="EndnoteNumber98">1</a>.	Kriste Dragon, telephone interview by the author, February 17, 2016.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="20_Chapter_11_Empower_Ho.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber99" id="EndnoteNumber99">2</a>.	Michael I. Norton, Daniel Mochon, and Dan Ariely, “The ‘IKEA Effect’: When Labor Leads to Love,” <em>Journal of Consumer Psychology</em> 22, no. 3 (July 2012): 453–60, doi:10.1016/j.jcps.2011.08.002.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="20_Chapter_11_Empower_Ho.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber100" id="EndnoteNumber100">3</a>.	Ellen J. Langer, Arthur Blank, and Benzion Chanowitz, “The Mindlessness of Ostensibly Thoughtful Action: The Role of ‘Placebic’ Information in Interpersonal Interaction,” <em>Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</em> 36, no. 6 (1978): 635–42, doi:10.1037/0022-3514.36.6.635.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="20_Chapter_11_Empower_Ho.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber101" id="EndnoteNumber101">4</a>.	Jay A. Fernandez, “SXSW Q&amp;A: ‘Source Code’ Producer Mark Gordon,” <em>Hollywood Reporter,</em> March 11, 2011, http://www.hollywoodreporter.com/risky-business/sxsw-qa-source-code-producer-166959.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="20_Chapter_11_Empower_Ho.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber102" id="EndnoteNumber102">5</a>.	David Zax, “‘Ray Donovan’ Producer Mark Gordon on How to Leave Good Things Alone,” <em>Co.Create</em> (blog), <em>Fast Company,</em> July 11, 2014, http://www.fastcocreate.com/3032879/most-creative-people/ray-donovan-producer-mark-gordon-on-how-to-leave-good-things-alone.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="20_Chapter_11_Empower_Ho.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber103" id="EndnoteNumber103">6</a>.	Ibid.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="20_Chapter_11_Empower_Ho.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber104" id="EndnoteNumber104">7</a>.	Nikolaus Franke and Martin Schreier, “Why Customers Value Self-Designed Products: The Importance of Process Effort and Enjoyment,” <em>Journal of Product Innovation Management</em> 27, no. 7 (December 2010): 1020–31, doi:10.1111/j.1540-5885.2010.00768.x.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="20_Chapter_11_Empower_Ho.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber105" id="EndnoteNumber105">8</a>.	“How Lululemon’s CEO Learned to Lead,” CNNMoney video, :56, accessed March 2016, http://money.cnn.com/video/news/2011/10/28/best_advice_christina_day.cnnmoney/.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="20_Chapter_11_Empower_Ho.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber106" id="EndnoteNumber106">9</a>.	Brené Brown, <em>Daring Greatly: How the Courage to Be Vulnerable Transforms the Way We Live, Love, Parent, and Lead</em> (New York: Gotham Books, 2012), 209.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="20_Chapter_11_Empower_Ho.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber107" id="EndnoteNumber107">10</a>.	Fernandez, “SXSW Q&amp;A.”</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes-Head-A"><span epub:type="pagebreak" id="pageMap_297" title="297"/>CHAPTER 12: REVEAL</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="21_Chapter_12_Reveal_How.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber108" id="EndnoteNumber108">1</a>.	Frank Warren, telephone interview by the author, November 12, 2015.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="21_Chapter_12_Reveal_How.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber109" id="EndnoteNumber109">2</a>.	Thomas Gilovich, Victoria Husted Medvec, and Kenneth Savitsky, “The Spotlight Effect in Social Judgment: An Egocentric Bias in Estimates of the Salience of One’s Own Actions and Appearance,” <em>Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</em> 78, no. 2 (2000): 211–22, doi:10.1037/0022-3514.78.2.211.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="21_Chapter_12_Reveal_How.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber110" id="EndnoteNumber110">3</a>.	Ibid.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="21_Chapter_12_Reveal_How.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber111" id="EndnoteNumber111">4</a>.	Elliot Aronson, Ben Willerman, and Joanne Floyd, “The Effect of a Pratfall on Increasing Interpersonal Attractiveness,” <em>Psychonomic Science</em> 4, no. 6 (June 1966): 227–28, doi:10.3758/bf03342263.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="21_Chapter_12_Reveal_How.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber112" id="EndnoteNumber112">5</a>.	Ibid.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="21_Chapter_12_Reveal_How.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber113" id="EndnoteNumber113">6</a>.	Richard Wiseman, <em>59 Seconds: Think a Little, Change a Lot</em> (New York: Alfred A. Knopf, 2009).</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="21_Chapter_12_Reveal_How.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber114" id="EndnoteNumber114">7</a>.	Jon Jecker and David Landy, “Liking a Person as a Function of Doing Him a Favour,” <em>Human Relations</em> 22, no. 4 (August 1969): 371–78, doi:10.1177/001872676902200407.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="21_Chapter_12_Reveal_How.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber115" id="EndnoteNumber115">8</a>.	Dennis T. Regan, “Effects of a Favor and Liking on Compliance,” <em>Journal of Experimental Social Psychology</em> 7, no. 6 (1971): 627–39, doi:10.1016/0022-1031(71)90025-4.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes-Head-A">CHAPTER 13: PROTECT</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="22_Chapter_13_Protect_Ho.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber116" id="EndnoteNumber116">1</a>.	Xochitl Gonzalez, telephone interview by the author, January 14, 2016.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="22_Chapter_13_Protect_Ho.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber117" id="EndnoteNumber117">2</a>.	Joseph E. LeDoux and Elizabeth A. Phelps, “Emotional Networks in the Brain,” in <em>Handbook of Emotions</em>, 3rd ed., eds. Michael Lewis, Jeannette M. Haviland-Jones, and Lisa Feldman Barrett (New York: Guilford Press, 2010), 159–79.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes_Subentry">Jacek Dbiec and Joseph LeDoux, “The Amygdala and the Neural Pathways of Fear,” in <em>Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder</em>, eds. Priyattam J. Shiromani, Joseph E. LeDoux, and Terence Martin Keane (New York: Humana Press, 2009), 23–38.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="22_Chapter_13_Protect_Ho.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber118" id="EndnoteNumber118">3</a>.	Etienne Benson, “The Synaptic Self,” <em>Monitor on Psychology,</em> November 2002, http://www.apa.org/monitor/nov02/synaptic.aspx.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="22_Chapter_13_Protect_Ho.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber119" id="EndnoteNumber119">4</a>.	Ibid.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="22_Chapter_13_Protect_Ho.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber120" id="EndnoteNumber120">5</a>.	Ibid.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="22_Chapter_13_Protect_Ho.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber121" id="EndnoteNumber121">6</a>.	Ibid.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="22_Chapter_13_Protect_Ho.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber122" id="EndnoteNumber122">7</a>.	Mark Goulston, <em>Just Listen: Discover the Secret to Gettting Through to Absolutely Anyone</em> (New York: American Management Association, 2010).</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="22_Chapter_13_Protect_Ho.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber123" id="EndnoteNumber123">8</a>.	Xochitl Gonzalez, telephone interview by the author, January 14, 2016.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes-Head-A">CHAPTER 14: ENGAGE</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="23_Chapter_14_Engage_How.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber124" id="EndnoteNumber124">1</a>.	Ayelett Shani, “What It Feels like to Know What We’re All Thinking,” <em>Haaretz</em>, April 5, 2012, http://www.haaretz.com/israel-news/what-it-feels-like-to-know-what-we-re-all-thinking-1.422824.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="23_Chapter_14_Engage_How.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber125" id="EndnoteNumber125">2</a>.	Dan Ariely, “Our Buggy Moral Code” TED video, filmed February 2009, transcript and Adobe Flash video, 16:13, TED2009, Long Beach Performing Arts Center, Long Beach, CA, posted March 2009, https://www.ted.com/talks/dan_ariely_on_our_buggy_moral_code/transcript?language=en.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="23_Chapter_14_Engage_How.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber126" id="EndnoteNumber126">3</a>.	Noam Zerubavel, Peter S. Bearman, Jochen Weber, and Kevin N. Ochsner, “Neural Mechanisms Tracking Popularity in Real-World Social Networks,” <em>Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences </em>112, no. 49 (December 2015): 15072–77, doi:10.1073/pnas.1511477112.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="23_Chapter_14_Engage_How.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber127" id="EndnoteNumber127">4</a>.	Mary M. Leahy, “Are You Social?” <em>Times-Herald</em> (Vallejo, CA), December 17, 1998, Web. June 23, 2016, http://www.sq.4mg.com/traits_2437.htm#z.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="23_Chapter_14_Engage_How.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber128" id="EndnoteNumber128">5</a>.	Tim Sanders, <em>The Likeability Factor</em> (New York: Crown, 2005).</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="23_Chapter_14_Engage_How.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber129" id="EndnoteNumber129">6</a>.	R. Matthew Montoya and Robert S. Horton, “The Reciprocity of Liking Effect,” in <em>The Psychology of Love</em>, ed. Michele Paludi (Santa Barbara, CA: Praeger, 2012), 39–57.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="23_Chapter_14_Engage_How.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber130" id="EndnoteNumber130">7</a>.	Oprah Winfrey, <em>What I Know for Sure </em>(New York: Flatiron Books, 2014).</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="23_Chapter_14_Engage_How.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber131" id="EndnoteNumber131">8</a>.	<span epub:type="pagebreak" id="pageMap_298" title="298"/>Abraham Maslow, “A Theory of Human Motivation,” <em>Psychological Review</em> 50 (1943), 370–96.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="23_Chapter_14_Engage_How.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber132" id="EndnoteNumber132">9</a>.	Naomi I. Eisenberger, Matthew D. Lieberman, and Kipling D. Williams, “Does Rejection Hurt? An fMRI Study of Social Exclusion,” <em>Science</em> 302, no. 5643 (2003), 290, doi:10.1126/science.1089134.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Endnotes">	<a href="23_Chapter_14_Engage_How.xhtml#SuperscriptNumber133" id="EndnoteNumber133">10</a>.	Dan Ariely, telephone interview by the author, April 1, 2016.</p>
		</div>
	</body>
</html>